Louder and louder. This feedback,
isn't it? That one's on. OK. Is that OK?
Yeah. OK.
So third party we discussed internally
then coming through.
Make your requests and they fill in.
Urgent, probably everything's urgent.
But we can work on the matrix on there.
That maybe it's for a value or a
particular customer or the effective end
dates, you know,
rather than them determining the surgeon.
And that can be done,
but effectively as the metrics that you
have upfront that they're completing,
that can empire.
That's which will be the insights and
then you can create that task then
question you invoice the attachment and
then you would get that task in your and
would you want that assigned as a global
process that will be across all.
For both Australia and the UK,
that in it's going to be requested
internally there's no differences in the
way in which you handle the ingestion of
those.
OK.
Can be on that.
So we've got the injection that you've
now received the request from unit work
in progress and I'm going to get into
that.
Request to pay.
So you've got the invoice in front of you.
The attachment in place and then really
digging deep on what you do with that
next.
Obviously it's not doing the activity and
service now.
It's just handling the request.
You're using three, so.
Are you checking? Obviously a vendor.
That's the first thing, like Brenda,
and then we can go into the vendor
workflow of that you,
but also you're checking.
It's PO or non POI saw that as two
different processes.
Whether you can talk me through that,
look how that is differentiated between
in the UK or Australia.
So yeah,
there's two different ways that we
process.
Some noises just say whether they are
going through the P to P system just say
or if they are out with that.
If they are through P to P.
The invoice in an ideal world should come
to us with the PO.
Fairly good receipted good to go.
So when we get that invoice,
we would open it,
we would see the purchase order on the
invoice.
We have a copy of the invoice and then we
would then go into 3 E fill up the
purchase order and process the invoice.
Fetch the invoice,
process the invoice and then close the
ticket and share will,
because that's the invoice fully
processed. OK, but sometimes it doesn't,
not necessarily up like that you know,
so they might not.
It might be APO applicable vendor but a
purchase order hasn't been raised yet.
So in that case what we do is we still
register them on to 3 E so that we've got
by the ability of them,
but we put them on as a meeting purchase
order and then we go back into share will
and we and the subject line.
Put the index number from three East so
that we can tie it up to the invoice,
the invoice Judy, the invoice vendor name,
and the invoice number,
and then what we do is we send it on to
the business and say.
He needs a purchase order basically for
this invoice.
Then we park it and keep it in our
pending queue,
which isn't ideal because if you pick up
then it's coming back into your tiers so
then that takes into things like doesn't
take like if you're on holiday then
you're relying on other people going into
Europeans and then packing things up.
And then again,
once the business come back,
then we should ideally get a notification
on that same ticket. But again,
that doesn't necessarily happen.
Sometimes it generates a new ticket.
So somebody else could pick it up.
And then you've got this pending ticket
there that's already been resolved
because someone's picked it up in another
ticket.
So we heavily rely on pending just now
because we don't have a work through loan
through share well to send it on to
somebody until they've done their bit so.
It's quite can your pains and cure can
get quite hard to manage.
So it sounds like the first gate from
receiving an invoice is EO specific
tonight and not again trivialising that,
but it could be you're stating is if it's
PO.
And then it requires it.
Then it's either it's,
it is there and you can see to the next
casing.
But if it is awaiting appeal for the
reason that it's not there.
You can almost as a notification put that
manage.
Invoice that we're doing in a waiting PO,
which I mean a notification could be sent
at that point that you know that you're
processing,
but that's not the state that will remain
in and that you can often find that
information and come back to it.
So it's not,
it's not in a holding state and no reason
like everything becomes pending before
waiting on something.
But it's an actual activity.
It's the sort of first gating after that
receiving that invoice.
Is that a good state?
So you've got them either PO or long.
PO and PO is processed or not and we've
got on hold.
If you're waiting that clear information.
That work for you in the workflow,
the first gate to your new coming work in
progress awaiting PO or then goes on to
the next stage which is best for payment.
It sounds like a lot of your activity
within Korean, isn't it?
The heavy bit of the work is outside the
service,
which is basically just now using sharing
to as a workflow like organic border.
It has no safe, particularly. Yeah.
So we have to then like,
so just now if we've got one like that
and we send it out to the business.
We then put it in pending,
but you can choose when it comes back
into your like your tasks again.
So what I normally do when I'm doing it
as I put it in according to Judy,
so that if I don't have a response back
when that invoice is due,
it flags to me and then I can chase that
again.
But that's the way that we're managing it
to say, but that's it has it comes back.
And to me and then I have to show and but
service now we'll do that for you.
So that the fact that it's awaiting the
PO could be on your you know on your
dashboard for this is growing in age and
needs.
And so, even though you're saying,
if it's going to sign to you,
the whole group considered, so all the,
all the activities would be if you're way
or you're busy on kids,
that other members of the team can pick
it up and it gives that ageing of that
ticket as well.
And the state of which it's in,
that would be helpful.
So how how will that work in ServiceNow
then?
So say I've put something on the system
as I've eaten just sort of in you being
in three E yeah, so I've put it on 3E as.
I'm waiting for you. I've got an invoice.
I'm nervous now I go to process it,
including L3E.
There's no purchase order there or the
purchase order that they've gave me
doesn't work.
I index it as a waiting purchase order.
Then I go to service now.
And then what happens to then?
I then assign that task to someone else,
and then does that disappear from like
error cure?
And then when we come back to us or does
that stuff it fails and like a games and
you know,
it's still changed things you can say
basically awaiting PO in service now and
if you manage the end.
When then still assigned to yourself,
you can reassign it if you need to.
Effectively, once you start life cycle,
the ticket you remain, it's your queue,
unless you're going to reassign it.
For example,
it can be reassigned to a different
person that shouldn't be.
That's something.
By some of the business, yes,
you're all out of violence outside of
stocks now,
so you probably still need to keep that.
That case still assigned to your team for
just to set the state to awaiting
personal creation.
But you know that it's still waiting for
that PSP credit that I can process the
invoice as well.
And if something's assigned to myself,
the concerns, though in ServiceNow, yeah,
I'm just trying to figure out in my head
house and if it's assigned to myself and
see I I'm on leave or off sick or
something.
Is it easy for someone else in the team?
And that's.
And if you know that you're going,
I mean in the past where there's a change
that shift, you know,
so different engineers are coming on
board and they literally take all their
tickets and reassign the ball.
So it's the ability to do bulk reassign.
So you know, you're going away.
And everything's pending.
You can bulk reassigned to as well.
You've got management on it,
but then we see if we see something
you've definitely done it that way.
Even if my teammates can look at the
something like across my team.
Oh my gosh. You know,
Josh is going to be out for all some time
when there is some that's part of.
It's a royal part of it's myself etcetera.
So you can kind of manage their own work
as well.
It has that fluidity and it's not,
it is a.
It's sat with you as a current state,
but that can be that can change that.
Holiday stick, you know,
whatever you want to do that it's only
the old page and that absolutely, yeah.
That's good. So that'll be a state.
So then if it's non PO,
so non parking path that everything now
has APO or non PO has been confirmed.
And then the next statement describe that
next process to me what happens then it's
just.
Request for payments. Essentially,
it's just going to go through or non PO
invoices.
Sorry or maybe maybe separate them out if
they're different.
Different payment methods for those.
So one would one will have a non PO but
it still has to be paid and one has
appeared and still has to be paid.
We'll get picked up on our weekly payment
runs if they're fully authorised and do
on that payment run we do weekly payment
runs for the UK, Luxembourg.
Thanks.
Auburn and Poland this time we do weekly
payments for them in out with them,
that's for GBP.
But then we also have a weekly foreign
payment run because they're foreign.
We don't have any electronic methods of
payment, just like for their foreign.
So we have to manually.
So payments for them,
so they don't on a weekly basis as well.
And for America are figures we do 2
payments per month.
So we do next month one and the name of
month one month and then you've got all
of your outliers like urgent and manual
request, ad hoc ad hoc.
But the method of paying them is the same
as I don't want a payment none or a
payment none. OK.
That supports on whether it's PO or not,
and that was for both non PO and PO. Yeah.
And those weekly payment runs or weekly
foreign payment runs,
you have a calendar event or schedule at
the moment where you just run them.
All the first one,
it's you know that you're going to run it
beginning of the week.
We've got scheduled requests amend the
clause of part some like for cheques to
do for payment run.
So we have integrations for our expenses.
And we've got intimations for our travel
providers as well.
So they come through as an integration
and they should flow right through to the
vendor.
But if for any reason there's anything
that isn't right,
if the porting's not right.
It comes onto an action list,
so we have bought a flag and in before
the payments to make sure that there's
nothing on the action list because if
someone has picked up the action list to
say from what I can gather as open to all
the offices.
So any vouchers that are processed and.
They want to that list so we don't want
to have any sitting there ones so that
other offices don't pick them up. But two,
if someone has picked them up and sitting
on them,
then they're not going to pay because
they're not one of the vendor.
So we've got flags for that to make sure
that they're all picked up and they're
all processed before we start payments.
And then wait.
So I take the weekly payment run non PLP.
They're essentially just checking that
each of those invoices are on that job.
Is that what you're picking up or is it
picking up?
Any discrepancies that you need to flag
on the details from the weekly,
one that you're finding or check in just
it's just a check on the apps less than 3
E to make sure that there's nothing still
to be posted before we carry it. Oh OK.
Yes,
hundreds of voices in maximum funds
individually. OK, so in terms of.
Service. Now that's an activity.
I mean the only capture is a workflow.
You know at the moment it's essentially
that you'll finally move that invoice
individually along.
So it's either waiting clear and then the
next stage of requests for payments.
So it could be added to weekly.
Payment or being or state might be
processed for payments. Yeah,
waiting payment or process for payment or
request for payment.
I think it's a we've got.
We run our payment runs off due dates.
So you might process an invoice.
Say that's not true for three weeks time,
so I think just request of payment is
fine. Yeah, it's not. Yeah. Yes. OK. As a,
as a say. Yeah. Yeah, that's standard. OK,
that's good.
And then I haven't forgotten about vendor
details. By the way,
whenever I thought of that and then let's
just say I didn't want to then go to
manage payments. I, you know,
just want to be invoicing, look at that.
So we basically got it's coming, it's new,
it's work in progress.
PO or Long PO and then request for
payment and then basically on those
cheques as you're checking the invoice of
the checklist that you said that we need
to then check the vendor.
Going back to the workflows that we
mentioned this morning,
then we're managing that vendor.
So that's at the point where you've got
invoices come in,
it's a new vendor that we don't know
about. We'll pick up that process.
But we've discovered that will be a date
that will between you with and then sub
task of add new vendor correct that we
get. So and then in that.
So says you're checking against the name,
legal name, address, contacts,
Iban or their bank details, right?
And I think you said this morning that
there will be a standard checklist.
I don't know if you could share that with
us that you're checking against.
And is that both for UK and Australia you
have that process?
This checklist isn't written down,
it's just something that's in our minds
that we know in three there are mandatory
fields that we have to complete.
So half of the checklist is just making
sure that all the mandatory information
is like in terms company details but
constantly OK, yeah, we can get those.
And for the UK and then probably you
should think with probably the Australian
number versus the UK Company House number
and they are, but you need the regulatory.
So they managed to build it there.
Any is there any enrichment that you
would like that you think actually be
very useful to have?
Your processes actually, if I had that,
I could report on that and make my
allocation of tasks a lot easier.
No.
And it's not sure not at the top of my
head. Contact please.
Now that that will be on your green side
as well, wouldn't it?
I think I think I wanted to add some
fields for the vendor side.
Maybe just if you just got that in the
vendor that I can just double check with
my.
No. OK, that makes sense.
She's the standard. OK, good.
I think I was thinking about sanctions
and regulation.
We have a we'll cover that tomorrow.
That's going to be more casual. OK. Yeah.
And the right to.
Receive. OK, OK. That's good.
I think as I was thinking about that was
whether you also capture whether I was
thinking attach of the value of the
invoice that you're getting as well.
You know,
maybe the request decide they add that
value because you could use that in your
dashboards that as you're getting
invoices in, there's a flag that says.
You know, we normally get it for 10,
000 or 9000,
but this month actually it's a spike.
So I was thinking of an additional field
that when you're getting that request for
invoice, even though it's on the.
PDF or whichever falls in body and it's
also captured as a field.
It's a value that you can report it.
You know if your own insights so that you
could flag unusual activity that's
spiking or or coming in just currently we
don't have any mechanism to track the
invoice.
Volumes, I mean there is,
but it's very cumbersome.
So apart from the value of course comes
by default.
If you manage the counters where you know
like 21.
So I think that would be something we
would expect from the dashboards.
A few of those insights value the invoice.
Maybe they're sending, you know,
it will seem that we think we're getting
one a month,
but actually we're getting three a month
because they submitted it three times and
we've managed to,
you know picks up duplicates,
picks up those and you get those insights
that's coming in. So just again,
a couple of steps,
how live will that dashboard be?
So is that like real time real time?
Real time? Yeah,
there's real time tomorrow. Real time.
Is that you are renting later,
isn't we have the billing discussion on
day five, so we'll leave it on that.
So yeah. OK. Yeah, yeah, that's good.
None.
So we've done that new for wit processing,
non POPO any other.
I'm saying that that's across the board
for both of you.
For globalised I mean I just want to make
sure that sort of non PO obviously just
discussed.
To request for payment PO there's some
activity, if it doesn't exist. OK,
so I was just holding a couple of things
over here.
So I think we need to understand we need
to put the approval piece as well in the
sense.
I don't know about AUS,
but in the UK it goes to two levels of
approval. Yes, all the payments. Yeah,
yeah, yeah.
That's before the cashiers or somebody
like me hitting the payment.
So that's that needs to be incorporated
somewhere in the workflow and documented
properly.
So we've got the approvals next.
So I'm sort of thinking at which stages
do we then approve?
So maybe it's on value, maybe it's on.
Yes.
So my question was not I would approve,
say for example in this room I would,
Jill and I would approve the payments.
But what I'm trying to say is that there
is a little bit of a work done behind the
approval process as well. So for example,
the guys would prepare a schedule.
That there are 10 approvers in Glasgow
and Jim and I are approving this week and
I will be approving next week XYZ like
that.
So I don't know if that is something we
can incorporate like a scheduler plus a
reminder for those people who are
approving the payments in that month.
Yeah,
it's we have a typically instead of they
have an approved group as it were.
It's a particular role. Yeah.
Are you saying that you have it on the
scheduled? Yeah. Thank you.
So Deborah prepares a schedule like,
two months, three months in advance.
So again,
it's the the reason I'm calling it now
because it's not,
it's not the approval process.
It's basically an approval matrix.
You know,
like who can approve and who can approve
and schedule and. And a lot of times,
you know, if I'm approving 2 weeks later,
I might be on holiday and I might not
know, but.
Kind of like a reminder or some sort of
notification that there is available and
some of that like I'm trying to sort of
envision, right,
so that you're not marking your own
homework essentially for approving,
but you're doing it so that it's because
all of you can approve.
Was is what you're saying about what
would? There's a.
There's a Bank of you that can approve,
but you're doing it so that you're not
always single person that's gonna be
share the load effectively. OK.
Could it please?
Such that you're all in the approval?
Just challenging the schedule or not
schedule because that sounds an
additional piece of work.
Could it be that you're all in the
approval role and any one of you could
approve no, because I mean.
Within that group. That's. Yeah.
I think there's a risk of payments
getting missed out and even in your queue
as an approver, you know, if you see it,
yeah, but until you assign it to somebody,
we will not pick up.
I mean,
I even like I'm the last resort for this
team and the caches, both of the teams,
because a lot of times even people have
committed, like, yeah, we'll be approving,
they don't approve.
So then they will come to me.
So I think you believe that.
Leave them off guard and I don't think so.
People will be with a lot with a lot of
these people. They were finance teams,
managers or related to the finance team.
So the reason they're approving is
because of, oh, OK,
that outside of finance,
I think outside of finance.
So is there two sides to it then?
So the like the timetable,
if you like piece schedule and piece that
is done because we want to make sure we
know annual leave and there's two people
each week to go, yes. So right.
So that's one piece of it.
The other pieces at the moment you send
an e-mail to do that to talk people.
Do it,
but actually what you could do is like in
the PC and all the people,
all the approvers will sit in an approval
group in the background and you stay in
basically a task to them that then comes
up onto their dashboard and you can
either have a notification off the back
of that because like you see it's non
financing so.
We won't necessarily that in the
dashboard,
Yep.
that's where they'll go in and actually
action it.
So there's maybe just different ways we
can do it,
but I think the timetable and that is
something that's important for the team.
We do,
we do maintain unless there's a slicker
way we can do it in service now and all.
Should availability markers or something
like that?
I don't know availability and capacity,
but yeah, I mean,
you're probably the fact that you're in
the office suggests that you're available,
but you don't. You're showing the load,
aren't you? Is it on a two week cycle?
I think more than that, right?
It's like a month that was basically to
gauge the availability.
And so that we're not sending it to the
same people,
but we have had occasions where so Dave
will send out and create a schedule on
that and then she like kind of splits up
so that it's not the same people,
but if we.
We've got specific people in that day
that said that they would be there and we
then go to send them an e-mail to approve
the payments.
Then we get out of office from two of
them and they're like, oh, sure what,
who do we go today?
Because they were supposed to approve it.
Whereas if there was something built into
the system that they could maybe see.
That they're going to have the payments
on that week,
so that if they aren't going to be there,
they could maybe like as no or daily to
What was?
some of the ability for out of all that
you know service now has the ability well
it's going to interject now that ability
is there.
Anyway,
building system without having to create
So they can delegate is the point.
diary. Yes, yes.
So if they know they're going to go on
leave,
they can delegate any approvals to one
one of their colleagues who's going to be
around.
And then when they're obviously when
they're finished and what have you,
they would then, yeah, we do, you know,
close out that delegation,
but it does rely upon the managers.
Yeah, and they the approvers doing that,
which is always tricky.
The other thing you can do is you can as
an and this is one for an organisation.
You can think about whether you have your
sort of service level triggers and things
like that. We have a main approver,
secondary approval you can do that where
one so it sends to one of.
Who and either one of them can do it that
way. You know you've got a bit of a cover.
You know. There's more.
There's there's various ways of dealing
with those critical approvals.
It's maybe something you just have some
solutions and actually show the guys
Yeah.
because it's very manual, right?
So ideally we really want to do something
a bit slicker and I said creating like
build engine,
you do correct scheduling service now.
So it's not the e-mail kind of you know
you're facing a.
And it's normally normally to day one.
Yes thing because you can do the manual
piece outside but actually send the tasks.
But maybe I think we need to understand
the solutions of what the system can do.
It's probably worth sheeting what that
process looks like in the emails and
stuff,
but we'll catch that so you certainly
could have. I'm not could be fun long,
like we've done in the past where you
have schedules, you know,
and the name person would be approved
based on to this day going to this stage
where you've been assigned to you know
you can capture based on dates.
You're still within the approval
assignment group,
but it's actually delegating to that
person, so that is possible,
and so you're creating effectively what
you call a diary that what we would want
to start schedule that,
that could be a solution.
And that's a proof.
I think the sick.
Yeah, go mark. Sorry.
No, I was just going to say,
going back to the sort of comment what we
need to do is we need to look for the
mechanism that gives you the least amount
of overhead,
but approvers take the responsibility
because some groups,
some folks will or organisations will
have one big group and any member of that
group will get notified that there's a an.
Approval waiting for them,
and then whoever's available can go in
and and action it so you can do that.
But where you just basically have a pool
and whoever's on and able to response to
that alert and then what you can also
choose to do depending on that group is
put a service level expectation on that
group to say you're all approvals need to
be done within.
You know,
I don't know a day or or whatever. So.
So there's a number of routes and then
they get flagged up if an approval hasn't.
And then it enables you to manage it.
You'll see who are doing the bulk of the
approvals, who are not.
You know you've got a load of metrics
then to manage the organisation or
activities.
Through data things to think about.
And the key thing is that ServiceNow
Dashboarding will highlight any
bottlenecks anyway.
So you can reassign and delegate and you
all see it as a,
you know group or the approvers will be
able to reassign that approval.
Do you have a similar process in ours?
Kind of with pool at the moment we have a
pool of three payment approvers in AP
members. Doing that thing. Yeah,
so it it's kind of. It is kind of similar.
We just have a smaller pool of approvers
to go.
Go to Australia so it's myself and two of
my colleagues, so we don't.
We know that there's a standard primary
secondary approval for cashews.
It's standard primary secondary approver
for AP and it doesn't really deviate from
that. So we don't really need.
Have as much of A need for a diary or
schedule for approvals in Australia right
now and that's what we'll touch upon
tomorrow. Your approval processes. Yeah.
So the cashier's approval process is a
bit more involved in terms of approval
pay for payments for AP.
It's almost exactly the same.
As the UK here and as well,
it's still being assigned for an approval.
Yes, the the,
the the problem is the point of
discussion is that also doesn't have that
issue because the actual approvers are
within the same team. Yeah,
whereas over here.
Yeah.
I'm the only one who can approve the
final class finance. I can.
I'm the only one who can approve the
payments within the ask areas.
Every other person is outside the finance.
So like Jill is asked but not finance,
so she can achieve one of the provers.
But say you know a couple of my managers
over here,
they are not allowed or team leaders.
They're not allowed. Yeah. Yeah,
we we just don't have.
Just you're already in Australia.
So I'm one of the more senior I'm sure
one of the more senior managers in ask
finance.
So I have to be an approval, but yeah,
we don't have as much of A bottleneck as
the UK do.
So we don't have to think about well,
we can implement the same thing,
but it's going to be way more simple.
It's just for two people, which, yeah,
you know, yeah,
and still have good questions.
Answer The assignment group again the
quick question and managed through AD.
Is that correct that we set up on the
roles in the?
Yeah, yeah.
The expectation would be there'll be a
managed group, as you say.
It'll be controlled,
access controlled and what have you via
the ID rules, I believe.
And again we need to check.
You know how that's, you know,
then formally check that with the AD
teams etcetera.
We've got some sessions coming up,
but principally yes,
it's a managed group and again you can
you can do various rules even within that
group in terms of approvals you know to
make sure you've got coverage.
There's various rules and approval groups
you can do it so that yeah, as I say,
you might have 55 approvers in that group.
Any one of them can pick it up.
You could have a group to say you need,
you know, if it's more complex,
you might need to delegate approvals.
You know,
22 of that team to review and approve.
Your ServiceNow has the capability to
arrange.
Those you just need to go to work out
which which is best for the region and
OK.
the you know the amount of approvers
you've actually got.
The reason I ask is that it's created
like 3.
You know the source of that group resides
in AD and therefore ServiceNow will
inherit and just looking technically here
that will inherit the assignment group
that's been created from AD which can be
populated with non financed individuals.
Yeah, you can.
You can have any individuals in there
Yeah.
because there'll be a stake because
there'll be classified under the
licencing, I believe as a stakeholder,
parrot will probably need to sort of
confirm that to me,
but my understanding is there'll be just
like an approver stakeholder rather than
somebody who's actively actioning a
ticket.
Just indeed, to answer your question,
we managed source which is under Active
Correct. OK.
Directory.
You had non financial people within that
group probably even say and the fact that
then they are within that group gets them
visibility.
You know they've done very good at
segregating its visibility as well.
So the fact that they only see this
portion as non finance is also a
functionality that they're just doing a
very particular part of the process not
seeing everything, yeah.
But in essence obvious.
The best way is to showcase that to you.
But service now can slightly handle that.
OK.
So an approval to jump back to approval
approval,
is that the point of request for payment?
Is that the stage of which you're it's
gone from new whip new vendor to be added
sub task and that's completed then it
goes into?
PO non PO rating PO that state and then
moves on to the request for payment and
then you've got the approval or is the
approval the bit after that the new after
the PO.
Now once the invoices are in that request
for payments they're ready to actually
batch payments and the approvals come in
to physically approve.
Can release the money out of the bank,
so that's the terminology that I use to
be using OK as it prefers.
So they're not necessarily approving that
the payment can go,
or the batch can go for payment.
They're logging into our banking system
to actually release the money,
at least approve. OK. Yeah. So.
Technically that's.
So technically,
the expenses of the disbursements you
know there is a Treasury manager has
spent some money and then which has to be
paid to the vendor.
So the Treasury team member will get an
approval from the Treasury manager and
say hey, by the way,
I've made such and such for the team or.
That's why,
he said Treasury manager will then
approve it. So that's kind of like,
you know,
the approval of the payment of approval
of expense.
But not physically sending the payment.
So that's that's basically that, yes,
I'm approving this. You can do it? Yeah.
When the approval and everything comes to
me, I see the evidences.
And in that evidence that that treasury
managers approval should be listed.
And my role is not to challenge that at
that stage because I can't be cheques.
Yeah,
but I my responsibility is to check that
yes, the approval is there or not.
And then I go on with the actual banking
portal and approve and then approve that.
OK.
So I was thinking you'll effectively
request a payment within.
And jump into waiting approval.
But what it is is requested payment and
then approval end up completed
effectively. Yeah.
And then at that point I'm close complete.
Are you clean? You're basically approved.
Close complete. Yeah.
So all that cheques and balances. Yeah.
Anything that needs to be compliant,
anything that needs to be checked,
anything that needs to be approved,
everything has been done so that once it
gets to that point of the payment,
we'll say the approval,
it is just approving the money to go out
of the bank and then it's done. Yeah, so.
You don't even have to say it is closed.
Complete well approved, closed, complete.
Essentially. OK, that's good.
And would you capture the fact that it's
been assigned to you as the approver?
Do you want to change?
That's the supporting evidence,
there's no supporting evidence that you
need from that just smiling because
actually you got a message that you
approved through payments. I have example.
Yeah,
be there is upstairs if you want like
that. Is it confidential to see? Yeah,
maybe. Yeah. It's not mentioned.
What client or what vendor. That. Yeah,
it can be.
Maybe not to create your response issue.
Because is there any reason?
I mean that sounds a happy part,
so we're suggesting that balance women
cheques requested,
is there anything that then come back if
there was another part of it might not go
through or it's just another step?
Occasion like on the occasion as one of
the approvals in Australia,
I am one of the last line of defences,
so if I have any questions or if I have
concerns about what's going out for
payment,
I can go back and ask questions like I
won't approve like I won't release the
payment until I'm 100% comfortable that
I've got all the paperwork.
I don't need to review that one of the
payments a payment since the times that
an incorrect invoice has been picked up
in a batch payment that should be picked
up, and I can tell that of the supplier.
Name. Basically. Sure,
it just means we've been classified
incorrectly at our end or someone flagged
me last week that there was an invoice
that had been included for the payment
that shouldn't have been.
So I picked it up at that point and just
you just go back to the team and ask so.
Should you pick that one up?
Which states or as the paperwork has come
to me. Right. OK,
I'll need a review before I actually
approve the payments. Yeah.
So it's at that point that we would kind
of go back in question.
So no sandeep's done the same would have
done the same thing.
And is it the same point in time that.
OK.
Why don't we get the we have our own
cheques and balances of the paperwork
that we will do just to make sure that we
are 100% comfortable that the money's.
So you could potentially put that on hold
or pending at that point.
Do you do those additional again? Yeah,
your dashboards,
you've got an ageing tickets.
On request for payments that you might
have to do some balances and cheques or
rectify before you approve those complete.
Potentially. Yeah.
It can happen for much time.
Option I think you will see tomorrow in a
better way like you know because that's
the cashing and they're the ones you know
work through and processing the payments
and all.
I think the.
Yeah, the, I mean,
the evidence and everything, I mean,
we we won't hold it or we won't,
you know like.
Send an e-mail straight away or anything.
I mean, we will ask.
We will ask the person immediately that
what's wrong,
because we want to release that payment
out as soon as possible because say in my
example of the training manager has
approved,
he's expecting that to go out straight
away or go out by 5:00, cut off basically.
So if I'm holding it up because of XYZ
reason, it's not going to work out,
so it's not acceptable either threat
because you have to.
We try if I'm not comfortable then you
know we will,
we will ask the questions and and one of
the reason one of the key aspect is that
again we'll cover it to more and more
details.
There's a payment form for some of the
payments which has.
Very detailed and very kind of like in
minute information of what exactly we
should be checking like currencies and
bank accounts,
which is coming through and all and the
caches would have checked whether the
particular bank account has money or not.
The account has money or not before
they're processing the purchase.
All those ticks and all those tick boxes
are done.
Already for us.
But we I will still go back and I will
still check that whatever is put on the
form is reflecting on the e-mail as well,
for example.
But I think the question is on the
payment file approval.
I think that's very different because
payment file is like you know by process
by Lorna and which will have like say.
106 hundred payment transactions and
payments to be made out.
I can't check all of those,
so I have to kind of like, you know,
trust.
What has been reported in that report by
three East and process a female like all
of that? Yeah.
Not only not on in international pieces.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
I think, yeah,
payments would only be unfolded, right?
I don't know. An hour, 20 minutes.
Because incorrect reference.
You might have a drop. You know,
between that state there might be some
fields available to you that you could
capture.
Usually you're not putting it on hold,
but before you close it.
Correct record.
You could capture some insight that's
very important as an approval.
I won't touch that the bit between
request that you could do some just
questioning is that double handling
because I'd have to send an e-mail back
or.
Call up or some kind of communication to
my team member to say this is incorrect
and all the payment references missing a
number.
Can you fix that up and then I can
approve.
And then I'm waiting for an e-mail for
them to come back.
So am I going to be double handling and
then just communicate today and then
update something else?
Rather than you're adding like a note to
it, you might do that,
but you're still processing it and not
sending undue emails or anything.
It's just maybe capturing and at the end
of the month,
say actually we had 98% happy path and we
had 2% that had.
Some information just to I mean.
Thank you. I think I think we are.
I don't think we are kind of like
diverting from the AP process and
capturing process completely.
Now to answer answer your question,
I would process that payment OK.
I would if if I if there's an issue in
the form which I know is a minor error,
sometimes the partner would say something
and give something,
but we know that OK e-mail and everything
we have done that but with time construct
we will approve that payment.
But what I would be doing is I would be
asking the individual who has sent me the
payment like from my team to go and have
a file.
We are not booked with the partner or
whoever has passed the payment and say
that, hey, by the way,
you have given me say dollars,
but this is GBP sure.
So we have posted in GBP as you have
mentioned,
you're OK with that and then we'll
confirm back and we'll go buy more of
that purely from an external logging
perspective.
Yeah, the time constraints. It's just,
yeah, OK,
because by the time apart from the
payment file,
I think everything else is like when it
comes to my desk for the final,
I still have my total cheques and.
And it's it's not about Constipation.
It's not about holding it. You know,
like we we really want to. That's it.
We really want to make the payment as
soon as possible and for all that is,
it's that because there's different types
of payments.
So an annual payment like Sandeep saying
that he will get like the the forum.
The invoice and the approval,
and he needs to make sure that matches.
We don't get that for when we're doing
actual payment run.
That's an electronic file and we've got
approvers that are in finance.
So they maybe particularly don't know
that well that being there should be
getting paid at that time and things like
that.
So when we are running the payment runs.
We are.
We're looking out for also,
and so told me have not to pay that.
So what we would try and put that one
hold so that it wouldn't pull into the
payment done.
And then when we are doing our cheques,
we've got like specific veins there's
that we know we should only be paying at
certain times a month.
So we're capturing that when we do our
cheques and actually when we run the
payment run when it then goes to the EP.
Supervisor.
They're been doing cheques or and above
that first invoices over certain amounts,
making sure that there's not any
duplicate invoices and things like that.
So that anytime it gets to that proof,
relatives of duplication of working and
making sure that sort of thing ties up.
Because as I said, some.
And maybe in the finance department.
So they maybe particularly don't know
what well,
we shouldn't be paying that so they
wouldn't hold that up because they
wouldn't know that that makes sense.
So that's good.
I'm doing the supervisor process and the
payment approval process at the same time.
Yeah. So we don't have that second chip.
That the UK do because my team's a little
bit smaller,
but because I have the ability to approve
the payments that I do both at the same
time.
So that's probably where my rate of
potentially holding up or being able to
point figure out or pinpoint any errors
or things that should be get getting
picked up.
Up happens more often than it would be
same day because I'm doing both OK,
so that's probably where the difference
is. That's good. OK, so maybe there's the.
As said, the approval bits.
During process for the managing invoices
or the payment for invoices,
you said over a certain amount.
So with that over 10,
000 under that I mean what are the
thresholds that you need an additional
approval maybe the difference between the
UK and Australia?
We sorry,
we just need to approve us to we have an
initial approval and then a release out
of the bank and that's it.
We don't have thresholds because we don't
have the pool of approvers that the UK do.
So we just don't open to the is there
anything.
Yeah, same.
It's just washed and say to approve that
and someone to check the payments. I mean,
someone to the England listing. Yeah.
So no thresholds. No. Yeah.
It it also depends on the bank.
So we've got two banking partners.
So one of them,
it's like straight away first and second
approval on the second Bang,
it's more detailed like this different
kind of you know like what do you call
combinations and.
Kind of rule and then amount plus,
you know title and amount.
So there's a little bit of more control
and manoeuvring around who and how they
can make the the payment.
But then from AB perspective,
we have kept it static,
I mean from cashiers and from client
payments perspective that is different.
Yeah.
I just quickly check and that was a lot
in there.
So from managing your voice to the
managing payment,
I think you've covered quite a lot of end
to end in that whole process. I mean,
you're doing a lot of the, the actual,
I mean all the actual work is outside the
service Now this is just managing the
task. So we've got.
The ingestion of the invoice,
whether you know about it or not,
that vendor.
So we've got sub workflow back to you to
create that vend details and checklist
etcetera.
And then you have the processing of non
PO and PO.
They're awaiting APO,
but it then moves into request for
payment,
and then that close approved completes.
I think that probably I know that.
There's a lot of,
I think it's a lot of processes on there,
but we've captured, you know,
the differences in the locations,
but that's sort of your end to end and
your captions simplified it from
receiving to managing,
managing vendor and then the managing the
payment.
You see,
if someone in the business sends an
invoice over and request the payment and
it was through all the workflow so they
then get a notification when it's fully
processed and awaiting payment.
Or do they get a touch point of every
time someone?
That was to say,
if we get a ticket and and the assignor,
then the person who's raised the request
get an automatic reply and at various
touch points within that workflow they
get an automatic reply which.
Can can be frustrating if you're letting
all these definite touch points,
and definitely there's a white noise
after a while. I mean,
if you do an invoice and you always want
to, well,
you probably get lots of questions on the
back of invoices. Have you paid it?
Is it paid when you're paying it?
Is it done? It's, you know.
That so if you could reduce that traffic
coming back to you,
but they're also up to date on that,
so it's probably.
So they want to just know when it's they
want to know when it's done,
so they are the requester on the original
portal.
I think Jill's probably going to talk
about notifications as 1000 things.
I'm just going to see if you can talk
through what it looks like from the
employee side and you see how they work
full stages and there they can just see
it second through that.
So they told necessarily are not prompted,
but if they go in and look for their case,
they get that visibility and visibility
of where that is on that the idea is that
they will the backup individual since
they will also be able to check whether
that is paid and completed.
So they will have an access as a
requester. Yeah.
Do you use the IT portal just.
And it was then they used it.
So you can go in and actually,
instead of reading an e-mail to IT,
you can put it in through the portal.
And when you raise an e-mail or put it
through the portal,
you can actually go into the portal and
it'll tell you who it's assigning to
where it is and if they've got a question,
they can ask you questions through that.
So that's how this workspace will work.
So if you're a requester.
You can go in and there'll be a part on
it that shows you all the old seconds
that you've raised.
You can go back into that ticket,
you can see where it's sitting and stuff.
Oh.
And what we what we do on that as part of
sort of the broader user communications
Yes.
etcetera is we will showcase that to them
to actually enable them to go there first
before chasing and what have you and
that'll be through any records that
they've raised through the portal.
What? I, sorry.
What I was thinking was if we then close
it when it's.
So you're going to close.
That's we apply personal leads.
So once it's made for payment with the
once you've approved it and I'll send you
an e-mail saying all payments approved.
Yeah.
Yep, on that. And so we get an invoice,
then that they're asking for an immediate
payment. Yep. Sure.
And then they'll get a notification once.
That's right through. Well,
then go to the, as Joe said,
the dashboard.
They'll see each of the activity states
where it's at.
So how do we manage the invoices that are
just?
The general like 30 days on account where
we because I think the notifications or
immediate payments or urgent quick
turnarounds is going to be really helpful.
But if it that's the smaller group of
what our invoices are,
they think we're processing an invoice
today that's not due until the 30th of
November.
I don't really want to hang want it
hanging around my dashboard until the
payments been released, yeah.
Yes. Yeah, it's part one.
So if it's coming to the proper request,
which is a small,
they can see that updated state on their
on their workload.
And so they've been notified that they
won't get emails that will be the
advanced understanding place that they go
to.
But you're saying for the ones that are
recurring that needs to be paid? Yeah,
like it'll be the majority about invoices.
Like we'll get in,
we'll process them and I'll go through
the workflow of, you know,
the completed ready for payment status
that we spoke about.
But they're not going to get picked up
for payment for another 30.
Three days, but.
Any chance?
Yeah,
that's the payment times means to him to
pay within 30.
Well,
it could also be on account plus one like
in two days. What's the 31 would be just.
Because we're paying within our ventures.
Yeah. So you need,
you need to be notified. So based on that,
so these are regular things each month.
It's a bulk of, yeah,
I think what we're trying to put one and
I kind of trying to understand is at what
point does someone get notified?
Because if we're going to notify them
that your invoice has been processed and
it's.
Ready for payment?
That's essentially what our resolved as
e-mail notification is right now,
but we're not right now.
We're not communicating out to the
business when the invoice gets picked up
for payment because we can't physically
tell 500 people.
When we're processing 500 invoices in our
batch payment, yeah, I think so.
I think this,
that's where we're a bit lost in at what
point like for the you know,
for those quick turnarounds where we've
picked up the invoice,
we're saying it's ready for payment and
we're paying it today.
We're paying it tomorrow. That's cool.
But the majority about invoices.
We're going to get picked up.
It's part of a batch.
It's part of a batch payment.
As out there, you know,
with their regular payment terms.
So are we saying that we're going to keep
those cases or those tickets around until
the approver actually clicks approved to
release the money out of the bank for
payment of those invoices? And then?
And we have to update that in service now
to trigger that notification to say, OK,
your invoice has now been paid,
which has been 60 days since you gave us
the invoice.
Maybe I can roll back that what you do
today. So you have all the batches,
how do you communicate with any other we
stay and then you get chased?
Is that no, we only get chased.
The things that are urgent.
So if somewhat like I think the events
team is probably a really good example
because they often get invoices now and
they're due in three days or they get
invoices now and by the time they get the
relevant approvals and coding that they
need, it was due yesterday.
So there's a bit more pressure from them
and they're getting chased from a vendor.
They're the ones that generally chasing
us.
If IT is sending us an invoice for a
monthly subscription,
they're not chasing us for payment.
They know that if they send us the
invoice, we're putting it in our system.
They know when it's due and then.
Yeah.
Payment due to be it's like a challenge
back and apologies for the challenge,
is that do you need to notify them or as
they're inferred it's been paid?
I think the questions would just be for
urgent payments because if they're in a
part of a batch,
they should be getting a remittance state
to them anyway.
Once we generate the payment run.
So there's no need for that to get ailed
until the payment run.
So,
but so we could set the rules as to when
Yeah.
they would get, say,
when you trigger the notification based
upon urgency and anything else that you
wouldn't bother,
because if they've got another mechanism
to tell them that it's done you you
I I think the I I think it is simple,
I think whatever the bulk payments we do
wouldn't.
once a week I think no rules needs to
apply on that. Yeah,
there's no communication required,
but everything else needs to be
Yeah.
communicated. I think that's simple. Yeah.
Yeah. Well,
Yeah, agreed.
you've got original request on your.
Manage invoice you know with your
questions, you've got too many,
but say for it's urgent event,
you've got a point of contact on there.
Haven't you? Rather no.
So I mean nothing urgent will go on that
file.
Urgent will they will contact us manually.
Separately. Yeah.
We've managed the business pretty well
for them to know that once they sign up
the invoice and it's an on account
invoice.
Otherwise, it's not urgent.
They know that we're going to get it
processed and we're going to get it
picked up in the batch.
So and they don't need to import this.
And then first, yeah, I think the, the,
the consistency and trust is there that
we don't have to communicate and the
business doesn't need us to communicate
that kind of things.
It is just the padlock urgent out of.
The ordinary out of our regular package
process, yeah,
because that would generate then stop the
traffic that's coming into share mail
just now,
because a lot of that if they send an
urgent request, then for a payment,
if we don't,
we then need to hold the ticket back.
But if we haven't got back to them.
Or we don't because we forgot or whatever.
Then they then generate an e-mail saying
can you let us know if it's been paid?
And then there's another one or they want
to see proof of payment.
So if they had that workflow that they
could see all the touch points,
then we would stop that traffic coming
through.
I think that's the differences in the
systems, right.
So share Will doesn't manage that very
well,
we just say because they are being
requester,
you can handshake with them at state
changes and keep them up to date.
So I think it's an issue that probably
isn't even want to be there when we move
into ServiceNow,
what we just need to take the years.
If you need notifications,
when should they be?
And that's what we can configure in the
system,
but we just need to think about it from
the perspective of we will have their
dashboard view.
They can look at that if they want to.
Yep.
But if there's something that you
actually have to,
that's what it's getting bigger.
If it helps, if it helps some,
I've seen an organisation just have a
Yeah.
tick box so if you get an urgent one and
you literally say do you want to send a
notification to the customer on this you
tick a flag and then as you go through
the process the notification goes.
Anything else you don't have to flag.
It they don't get notified,
so that enables you to pick and choose
because you might have a normal one.
But if it's a particularly tricky
stakeholder that rings up and escalates,
you might tick the flag to say we'll send
a notification for this one, right? Yeah.
There are.
There are a multitude of methods.
To enable you to manage those.
Yeah, yeah.
And I I think apart from the payment
files,
the manual or ad hoc or the urgent ones,
the volume is really low,
at least I know in the UK I don't know
about yours, but it's pretty low.
So and even even though.
I mean,
because the payment day technically over
here in the UK is Tuesday.
So if we could only process it on fusion
and it is urgent,
so that is different thing,
but it is we're talking like I would say
5-6 in a week.
You know I don't think so anything more
than.
It's it's very low and mark,
give me if I'm wrong.
I said notifications.
We tend to associate with an e-mail in
terms of notification. You know,
like if you are still being notified
through the portal of your you know
request.
So if you get into that modelling and
good behaviour,
this is where I go to see my activity
that's.
Yeah.
We want to get through,
so I think I'm sending an e-mail,
but I think it's a notification,
but it's still you are still sending a
notification but it is via the portal.
I think that's more important for you
managing OPS they would.
Issue if you're sending out a
notification. Yeah. Agree.
I think when we're talking about the
disbursement invoices. All right, 'cause,
that's what our professional costs are.
A notification that can get sent out to
confirm that the invoice has been
processed is one of the top priorities
for our key stakeholder group that send
us those invoices. Sorry,
that's a whole different type of payment
that we have a payment process and
payment eligibility for that.
So we don't have to confirm when things
necessarily get paid at that point,
but that kind of at the moment we send
off a resolution e-mail.
So we say we've received your invoice,
it's been processed and the team know
that then that's ready to be picked up
for billing.
That that is a resolution notification.
At the moment it is e-mail that isn't so
the notification mechanism is e-mail for
you,
but notification in the future will be
via the as a request that they can go
into their portal and they can see that
notification.
So it's still a resolution notification.
Yeah, yeah.
That's good notifications good.
OK. Talk around. Slas. Yeah, slas.
I think we've got some Slas of weekly
payment runs urgent.
You tend to be within the due date,
is that right?
When they need to be paid so due date?
-1,
you know it needs to be done now because
it was zero. Yeah, day zero.
So you've got the weekly charges of ones
you've got and the urgent ones. Yeah.
Yeah, we are we in Australia.
We do have a handful of monthlies. Right.
OK. SCM.
You get picked up and again.
Yeah.
So we have weekly a weekly scheduled,
but in on the 30th of or 31st of the
month,
we have 2-3 other suppliers that are paid
on monthly basis.
OK.
And you don't have anything that's based
on six months.
You know there's nothing longer than a
month, is it?
It's almost within the month,
within 30 days terms.
And even annual payments we picked up on
a monthly process. Yeah, actually, yeah.
Like,
it doesn't really matter what someone's
payment permits are.
They'll get picked up in the next
relevant weekly payment run. Yeah,
it's just that.
The couple of monthly supplies that
Australia pays is most of the time
processed outside of the weeklies because
they're due on the last day of the month.
So unless our weekly payment run ends on
the last day of the month.
We do that separately. OK.
That's the only difference, OK.
I think it was a good place. Yeah.
I think Mike got everything there. Yeah,
a quick break and I can just quickly look
at the all other processes that I need
around, we have 5 minutes I think.
I want to double check, so you're paying.
You know who you're paying impacts are
paying. I mean, we've got multiple.
I think there are credit card payments
for recall,
global payments and immediate payments
that we cover that, but they are.
Payments. You know, there is AI.
Think invoice.
I'm just actually probably just a caveat
that all your payment are.
Off the back of an invoice like. Yeah.
Generally. Yeah. OK.
It's realised that is a business order.
Every payment is off the back of an
invoice. Yeah. Yeah.
Or there's maybe like one or two payments.
So.
So AP Payments Council pay with payments?
Yes, I think at the back of the invoices.
OK. Such a good visible payment equals.
In in you know prerequisite is a trigger
of an ending.
Australia does internal like account
Inter account transfers as well,
which I would generally class as a
general Ledger like firm cost payment
because.
Post to our Ledger and that's moving
money between between between internal it
could be coming over to the UK or vice
versa.
So that's not triggered off an invoice
that's triggered off a request from a
different manager. If we need to,
like we might do, we might sell some U.S.
dollars if.
The If it's a concentration,
even been tried. Yeah.
So I think that's The only exception
where Australia processes a payment
that's not triggered from an invoice.
But I would say that I would say that
that's maybe.
The most common one is transferring
between an operating account and an
investment account. That probably happens.
Between three and five times a week and
then now. Yeah, it's quite. Yeah,
it's quite often.
And then any inter currency trades that
we do might be once a quarter, that's why.
I'm just thinking in terms of because
you're not managing,
you're managing your payments. Yeah,
and it does. We don't it trick.
It's triggered off a request.
So one of our managers,
one of our treasury managers,
will tell us how much to transfer and
what the movement is,
whether it's operating to investment or
investment.
Operating,
but we don't know when or how much until
we get told,
so it's still a request that comes
through. It's just on invoice. Yeah,
I'm just thinking whether and it's not
quite managing invoice,
but it's managing a non invoice payments.
Of which you're picking up that payments
process and then you've got the details
as you said into department or currency
based. So not going to stick it up as a.
Mark,
because if I'm on maybe a sub task within
the overall managed invoice,
you're just picking up a subsection of
that process,
but there could be a task we can reuse
half within that,
but it's still got a request,
but you do that only that's.
AP requested it or can anybody request it?
There's only there's two people that
would ever request it,
one of two managers,
and they would send that request to
accounts payable and it has to be
processed same data.
They sit outside of accounts payable.
They're not, they're finance,
but they sit outside of accounts payable.
So they're part of our wider finance team
like that. Yeah. Yeah.
The the technical part of that. OK,
that that finance management team. Yeah.
Yeah.
OK. And they that does need to be if we.
Have that request floated through
ServiceNow. Yeah,
they'll have to be a high priority
because we have to process it same day.
So so question, how do they request it?
How do they request it currently just via
OK. The request Gen like.
e-mail?
E-mail. Yeah, sorry.
Then the e-mail creates ticket.
Yeah. So what we could if, yeah,
if they're a controlled group,
then you know when they go into the
portal,
they could have that request item only
visible to that group and therefore they
could just trigger it, as you say,
via a request.
They could put in all of the information
that you need to action it in terms of
the values that they want, you know,
from account X to account Y or whatever
you could do that as a really neat
request form just for them,
and then it wouldn't be an e-mail.
Yeah, that would be cool,
because if we could do that as a form
where it's transferred from account to
account,
Exactly.
how much and then there's a an option for
an approval that one of our just approved
Yes, 100%.
that then that's that, yeah,
that would work really well.
If if the manage invoice,
you know it's a payment but with not an
invoice. So we're just saying it's part,
we could create it from a task within
that whole workflow. Yeah,
they're populating essentially there's
visible spend via the portal. Yeah.
It's a it's kind of like just a funds
transfer, isn't it?
Do we do we want to separate survey? Yeah,
it is separate service though.
It's just part of our Australian cash
management. It doesn't happen in the UK.
The UK don't do the internal transfers,
but we do have the top up accounts.
So like the old cash must be that that we
need to make sure that the balance of
these accounts doesn't fall below a
certain amount and if it does,
Yeah.
we need to do a payment for them.
So there's not an invoice for that.
And is that a closed?
Is that closed group requesters as well?
It's just through AP, it's just AP,
but maybe we would need to send it to
Right. Gotcha.
that user to release from the bank.
OK.
I don't know how to tell or not that bond.
As you said,
it's being populated a a task going
forward.
But for this particular ones to get rid
specific problem.
Yeah,
I I I've seen these as just a funds
transfer form and it's a specific form
that says from here to here by this date
Yeah.
or whatever.
And here's the and then you have an
Yes.
automated approval,
someone just rubber stamps it and then it
Thanks.
happens.
OK. But I think we've captured,
I think it came out the back of this
process is one you know invoice equals
payment,
but we've now captured the ones that are
payments without invoices which could I
was just chatting the Lord now later on
the one that she just raised there.
I wonder if some sort of scheduled tasks.
The case would be good for that process
and it's something that the teams monitor
the bank accounts every once in a way of
themselves. So if we agree,
if we consider that we could set up a
scheduled case and that can then help
them, that's a frequency, sure, yeah.
In that process.
So we've got two cash plants or say I
think it's called now and intellectual
property for themselves.
Don't believe they're saving more?
That's the I can make company up my head.
But they're both scheduled. Well, yeah,
they're top up. And so as and when we see,
like,
people using the accounts and like the
the cashless ones,
we take every week because there's cards
out in the business. But the other one,
we don't necessarily see that until these
things in an e-mail and for us.
I was asking to process the cost to the
matter, so we then check the the account.
From that we get statements sent from
them and if it also will certainly mainly
and we want to talk about their time and
are they those are those class marks
payments that we also talked about.
As well, or the in addition to, you know,
good cash cards that we mentioned,
cash card, that's what exactly.
So I'm just thinking because we're
following that, but that's an activity,
you've got the cash cards, yeah,
building that together, yeah.
Phone and he's captured in the MPL and
he's lobbins shower slash plus. Well,
certainly intellectual property.
The intellectual property is just the an
e-mail when they when they use the
account that we get.
Statements from intellectual property and
it tells us like to spend.
So we know then one action if we need to
talk about this, yes,
they will be on share, bill.
But whether they're on the MPL or not,
we need to check. I don't know.
Tim, is it not this one?
And so that's property postings.
Oh, you can't, really.
I'll get you a number.
We'll have a quick peek and then come
back to finalise this quick review of all
23 little bits have been published.
And then so I think you mentioned the
intellectual property and then we'll go
on to expense,
manage expenses and manage expense
management.
That's the last bit and that's the last
bit.
That should be simpler. Let's see.
Josh, Josh,
how long we did I hear you say taking a
break. When are we coming back?
1010 minute break, yeah.
So 25 two.
OK mate.
She's not.
It's just.
It.
Yeah.
I am about to.
Yeah, maybe they're all not mad,
but all of that,
and then the third one is not important.
You have different buildings. Yeah,
they're like, 15 expenses.
The one that we have by the individual
boards. Maybe when we next absolutely.
Oh, actually, no.
And it's a nice to get that.
It's easier between us and it's much easy
for us to read.
I don't know.
Sandeep's saying that they counted.
So yeah,
some accountants on it's not a leave,
they're just accounts.
It's not a framework. Your thing,
they're just. Yeah, I don't know.
Are they just type of different do
different servers maybe I'll ask it.
Maybe we'll. Yeah. Yeah. OK.
That's.
This week.
I.
I know.
Yeah. All right, I know.
I think that's the quite similar.
It's like a Penguin.
It's not quite right.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
One of the ones goes to the dairy next
week. The actually ones,
that's what I mean you'll be having.
But yeah, I'm looking forward.
So that's what I'm actually getting that.
I'm saying thinking about everyone else.
Basically, I know,
I know it's not found out. It's. Yeah,
I'll come with you. Yeah,
I'll come with you.
I need it to be.
Just don't give me.
I did.
Yeah. Then the other.
But.
Yeah.
I.
OK, sorry. Going OK. Yeah, go. Yeah,
but is it going to getting everything you
need? Yeah,
I think we're filling in the gaps that we
need. Yeah. And we should finish.
Should finish it all today. Nearly done.
No, that's right.
Just make sure you're getting it going to
pay as well.
Yeah,
listen to kind of challenge it and draw
it out. Yeah,
as well as bring it up to a service
rather than, yeah. Line by line. Yeah.
Remembering all books.
Sometimes they like to. Yeah,
but you're getting everything you need
out of it as well. Like,
I'm not getting any negative cutback.
That's all I need at the moment.
And so that's OK. Tell me is oh,
adjustment for this whole. Yeah. No,
I think everyone of them, you know,
same as you get everything you need like
and I think the feedbacks are but like
it's a lot I think everybody's feeling
that right.
But I think that's also kind of.
Yeah.
That's fine. That's all. Well,
it we're trying to make it simple,
but not on the undermined process. Yeah,
we ought to give it the. Obviously,
you don't want to make it.
Maybe even if it's more than to do it.
Yeah,
but you're also drawing up with insights.
And otherwise we are 100.
I think it's an element.
You just have to carry on.
It's just like right, like it's not that.
It's fine.
It's I think it's users always good
examples. Exactly what's that engagement.
Otherwise it would be, yeah. Very.
And I think natural level it's a good
approach.
So it's kind of been impressive because
one thing, yeah,
I think that's why it's sort of changed
with all the.
Well,
they were high volumes and it's sort of
scared like, Oh my God, if I if I stop,
think about that,
I'm going to drop job saying, you know,
it's that process I've just got to carry
on because if I stop,
there'll be too much go back long.
There's no time to to address it.
But I think that's the that will come out
when they start to be the ease of it.
Exactly and I think.
It's not necessarily character trait.
It's also can be overwhelmed.
It can be we've never seen a different
doing. That's right.
It's just something we need. Like we said,
like there is a big way of thought we can
do that.
I think there's when I did it in Africa,
things but sensitive to is it working
safe? Yeah, I mean very.
Yeah.
And then I will know that labour
intensity, I want it because I'm busy.
Yeah, it's a lot of uncertainty, really,
every team. So if that comes out,
I think the best thing is that exactly
part of what you did just kind of like
the dresses. Like we're just making,
I think I think my answer to it on all
that certainly.
So it's not our remit either,
but you actually gives you the headspace
to add value to correct,
because actually I need such in my book
that three CS that you've completed it.
Yeah, but then you've got the other value.
So they're complete, is it correct?
And your compliance with the alphabet?
Yeah.
So this just frees up that you then have
time a bit like an individual and you've
got time to become healthy.
And so your process is to become healthy
and that's probably what I probably need
to talk to a bit more about.
I think that would really be good.
I think that will bring up the time like
an individual,
but you spend your time on getting
healthier in your systems and your
applications.
3 theme replacing. Yeah,
which is the service now. Yeah.
What do you want? Expense management.
Oh, to the to the invoice one.
This is invoicing then ready? Yeah,
I've just seen this text and textbooks.
There's there's disbursements as well.
Upload did that. Yeah, one. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sorry that I realised that I thought
we've done invoice manage invoice but I
realised there was two processes in our
maybe 3 tax and split tag.
So maybe would you mind if we?
Address.
I'm thinking I'm not on marking those.
I think that's. Yeah.
So there's three of those first months,
which will come tomorrow. OK.
I thought that we must both professional
cost of the same thing. OK, but that is.
A.
So the AP task in Australia cashier's
task in the UK,
but I think it's going to be easier or
better to align the processes cashier's,
but I think it for you guys,
just be mindful that that task is still
going to sit with the AP is still going
to be need to need to be linked with the.
Accounts available in Australia, OK.
So yeah, OK.
So just quickly captured the other two.
So I think it was tax PO, non PO,
POPO actually fix vouchers, OK.
Payment travel matter. Oh, no. Here.
In this company bank that can transfers,
that's good. Did that one? Yeah,
that's it. That's it. OK.
Portal request with queries. Oh yeah,
via the portal via the request coming in
or the third party. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so split tags and tags.
There were some processes on there like.
Probably thought maybe we can discuss
them all.
Whether that is part of the managing the
invoice.
It's just an absolutely of processing the
invoice so we get invoices and that and
that only invoices.
So we still get the invoice and the
players won't,
but it's just a different way of
processing it and the same way they split
that.
So just now if we split that an invoice
that's on appeal.
I know we have to process that and a
definite way,
but it's still under invoice process and
so right,
it's just that internal how we process
that process.
It's not however getting the invoice and
dealing with it process and did you want
to capture that on the request that it's
tax suspend tax no that that's.
The APM process like how we actually
physically process that one to the system
that's in the doing, yeah,
that's in the doing. Yeah,
that's on the items on here coming from
our MPL,
different variations of appear or non
period voice, it's.
Just the way that it gets put into 3K for
us.
So broadly my staff that's been under
that PO and on PO Bracket. OK, sorry.
And that's how we had learned,
I mean again not you know sometimes we're
not trivialising and then gone through
all these.
Processes based on the work that Tim has
done in all of you.
It went very well that we've been doing
them up to the level of managing an
invoice,
so it looked like it was a different type,
but I've realised that I just needed to
clarify that there's still other type of
under managing modes. Yeah,
I think the only item.
For on this list for Australia,
that kind of.
As a it's similar workflow toward a non
PO invoice would go through,
but the payment side of things is
different. Is the pexa invoice.
Oh yeah no pexa I think that is at the
top. That's oz. That's oz only.
So Pixar is property exchange Australia.
Yeah.
It's where all of our property
settlements go through.
We will be mentioning that tomorrow on
cashiers because all of a lot of
settlements go through there.
But through the Pixar is an online
platform. And through that portal.
We can also lodge what's called a pexa
fee or lodgement fees for different
searches and different settlements.
So separate to the settlements,
some of these fees are lodged online and
debited.
Directly out of our bank account so that
on the day that the debit comes out of
our account, the invoices get sent to AP.
So we still have to process the invoice
as a charge.
So you do that much respectively on the
back of this activity, yes. So we do,
the invoice comes to us.
From Pexa directly from an external,
we still have to process that invoice as
soon as it comes in,
but the invoice approval side of things
actually happens in the pexa portal
itself, right?
So we don't need any approval.
On that invoice,
it's already all of those fees have been
approved through online portal and then
we don't have to physically pay it or
pull it into a payment batch like already
debited out of our bank account.
So we just have to manually mark that as
pay. So managing the request.
Yeah. So,
Mark and seeing you're on the call,
so that that is an e-mail address,
that's something we could pick up as a
because it's always paper,
always kind of in the same e-mail address.
It's an automated e-mail.
So you can get that task. Yeah,
I just think the workflow is going to be
slightly different because it's not going
to have to go through any.
Approval or payment approval that apply
for it.
It can bypass based on the fact that
these rules are for Texas.
So basically is new. Yeah. Closed.
Approved. Close. Complete. Yeah.
You're just going through. Yeah.
There's no notifications that we have to
give anyone that it's there because in.
Internally,
we have a policy that has to be processed
within one to two business days of
receiving it.
Because of our direct debit policy.
So the fees get added to a legal matter
within a day or two of that invoice
coming through.
So there's no follow-ups for.
I need this on the bill or anything like
that either.
It's a pretty straight it's pretty
straightforward,
but it's just not going to have all the
additional means we can. We can,
it's it's going to have the same work
those states,
but we you're going to take out all the
little bit essentially.
So when you get that so which effectively
you're effectively getting a task and
then what do you do on the?
In so it's now you just have to mark it.
It's assigned to somebody action it in
three E close it. That's it. OK.
So the other workflow didn't have action
free and some requests for payment.
Is that the same sort of state that you
would have? So you'd have new?
It's already been, yeah.
There's no payment.
Maybe it could be new whip,
which is your app.
Actionable thing and then close approved.
Close. Complete. Yeah. Yeah.
Why are you doing that thing? Yeah,
we've got similar in the UK.
We've got a hospitality con.
Catered costs that come on, right. So him.
But they're internal costs.
They just need to be booked through the
the GL code or the matter number.
So when that comes in,
that's just getting processed on to the
system doesn't need to go for approval.
And once the process that just gets
closed,
it's not getting paid because it's just
internal cost that we need to watch on
the system recently.
Is that done much effectively as well.
So do you get the requests coming in from
anybody?
Weekly from the Ask Connect team.
I think as I believe they send it over on
a weekly basis,
but we do have a schedule progress coming
in to share wheel just now and make sure
that we upload it because we should be
getting a weekly file just to make sure
that all the costs are on.
For one thing for billing purposes and
things like that.
So it's scheduled that I need to contact
you.
I'm thinking is that something we can
look at in the future? Yeah,
they seem to fail.
We rely on them to think of the file
every week. So,
but we've just set up the scheduled
request to make sure that we get that
file just in case that for whatever needs
and falls down.
But they could send that through the
portal, couldn't they?
All that details through the portal.
As well as you're getting all some pets
automatic.
You're getting the e-mail that can be
picked up,
but you're getting that internally from
ask Connect. Yeah.
And we can combine that on.
You've got connects on London what's used
for Monday,
I think going back to the portal thing,
we do have specific suppliers that we
will.
And then to the portal to download the
invoices. We don't get them sent direct,
so we again have got scheduled for quite
a fun to make sure we go into the portal
and download them and then you can
generate the requests. Yes,
we would generate it and then it was
always the normal invoice processing and.
Right, good.
There's a few variations of that.
Bulk invoice long PO mechanism and then
there's ones that you extract from the
from various portals that you then
thought that process and you have a
scheduled request that you pulled for the
future calendar events that we can come
upon that become part of your task matrix.
An activity in ServiceNow? Yeah,
because it also happens for our our
provider as well.
Their invoices don't get sent to us into
share rail. They go through a portal.
So then voices get automatically uploaded.
But we do have scheduled replace and
share rail just now to make sure that we
make sure.
We've got the files and we can go ahead
and check just to map.
Make sure that if they copy us and on an
e-mail that they've sent to the
integrations team for the file to be
uploaded.
So we have got we get that and we hold
that and we've got scheduled release and
share,
we'll just stay just so that when the
file comes in, we can then go into it.
To check just to make sure it's game over
and that all the invoices are there.
Because as I was saying earlier,
these come in,
they should automatically fall to the
vendor,
but for any reason because they had an
upload, if there's any issues with them,
they'll go into the action list and
anybody in the business could pick them
up.
So when it comes for us to do the monthly
reconciliation to make sure we've got the
right invoices on to pay,
it could be that we are missing files and
it's because someone's already picked
them up and sitting on them.
So to try and stop that when we get these
weekly files and we're trying to do that
at that stage.
So that we know well the fails came in
today.
So we have that so that we can try and
create that.
So it comes to that and we can run that
insight that you're missing number
decreases over you know if you utopia
that there is nothing missing based on
these schedules that you're running that
can be adjusted.
Any other portals?
Putting stuff on and no,
just like him or he asked me.
Electricity like we don't get them saying
and automatically there's specific things
just that we have to go in and download
the invoices. Well,
I'm sure everything that's been paid.
OK, I ask you,
how does Knight Frank change that
equation?
Those invoices should be coming through
sets centrally through knife, right?
This is the property that property. Yeah,
in the greater than rental maintenance
perspective, manage services,
everything they do from us. Yeah. OK.
Yeah. So they will say new only.
Well this in this.
They're the global provider for all oil.
They're moving to them,
so it's not the yeah,
it's not the process right now.
That's what Cindy's meaning is,
that we're moving to a process that not
going to be our global provider for all
of our properties.
Including the invoicing.
So they all the invoices should be coming
directly from. Oh, right.
But they're the ones that are going to be
accessing the utilities.
Would you need any kind of?
Boarding changes will be done in the
system and they are on boarded like or
how we how to suppose the triple problems
right now, if we're gonna.
If you follow the process that's similar
to what Australia is doing globally then.
We get the all of the property invoices
on the like two or three days before the
end of the month.
We process them on the first day of the
month.
We pay them on the first day of the month,
but they're coming from 1 central place,
so Australia 30 days later on that same
day.
First day,
so I might get the invoices through on
the 27th of October.
Legit the payment on the 1st of November,
but they're all coming from 1 central
place,
so at the moment the company that manages
the Australian properties.
Source all of the invoices,
consolidate it and then tell us what we
need to pay and that's that's essentially
what night Frank is going to do for
everyone globally.
So they will source and consolidate all
of the invoices relevant to each property
and give it to us in one batch.
So here the legal process it goes to.
Accounts payable at that point,
not localised,
I can't quite remember whether it's going
to be localised for teaming.
What I'm saying is if they're doing a
global state,
are they consolidating all the invoices
for that entire property portfolio or
they're separating it by? Yeah,
that's still go to the local office.
It is OK, it's a global level. Yeah, yeah.
Australia will night.
Frank has teams in relevant for each
location that we're in. So night, Frank.
They'll be night, Frank. Australia.
They'll still only send the Australian
stuff to me, and then the UK team.
And you will get the properties that
they're supposed to be looking after,
but we only should worry about them, OK.
And then probably a bit like these hexa
ones that they're always coming from
night, Frank is inquest, yes similar to.
What we discussed again that we could
pick up those e-mail extensions, yeah.
And then trigger the task. Yeah.
I think it'll follow similar workflow to
a non PO invoice,
but it should be if we can flag you know
those VIP suppliers or VIP vendors,
Frank should be.
The VIP. Yeah,
I assume this is a very short term thing.
It's gonna happen soon. This change.
I think we're in the next six months. OK.
All right. Yeah. Cool in scope. Yeah.
Yeah,
it'll we should have well and truly
implemented this part about time we're
rolling out.
Service now that was the question. Yeah.
Thank you.
Yes, we've done the power of the effects.
Tax RIP tax and all the ones that come
from portals, utilities.
I think it's done. I think so, yeah.
And then I'll last but not least,
expense management.
Which there is another you before we
start on the expense management,
can we just add one more question to the
list with our travel travel provider?
Yeah.
So that's more to do with the queries
that we get around the invoices.
Luna, like Luna,
mentioned that we get a file imported
directly into 3E by one of our IT teams,
so the invoices don't necessarily touch
AP until they hit 3 E,
But because that's only done on a monthly
basis.
We get a number of queries or requests
from the business to allocate or
reallocate invoices to a particular
course that allocated and will travel to
a specific area or specific team in the.
Travel portal and then when time comes
down to invoicing,
they need it to be moved somewhere else.
So if there's a way that it's not in the
MPL right now because it was only
implemented a couple of years ago after
we kind of finalised our MPL,
but if we could look at what any kind of
form.
On ServiceNow would look like for for the
'cause,
it's only gonna be internal queries like
Asha's. Mm-hmm.
So for people to kind of put in what
their queries are sent,
I think we have a note for the. Yeah,
the sound query that we're coding queries.
Up a lot across all,
so Mark here probably talked with myself,
but that whole query will be a
standardised offering of which that would
Yeah, you'd the target. You know,
the target would be the cross ask you
be a success.
have kind of one form where they buy
different tick parameters with rooted to
the right teens based upon you.
A little quick, you know,
what's your query to do with is it
payments,
is it this is it that depending on what
they tick and then what?
And get you know.
And then bless you to the said Sneezer.
Sorry, Joe. Couldn't help it. Yeah,
so we would.
We would expect to create a single form
and then by selection of from the
They weren't something.
audience selection rooted.
To the appropriate team.
Really comes up across any of the
functional,
so that's the ask that we'll have that
ask as a general as a standardised
offering. That's good.
But you want to make sure we capture that
as a type of query, yeah.
Yeah. Josh,
what we'll probably need to do as a
collective,
I think it pretty much sit down and
review all of the things that are likely
to come through that route.
Hello.
What would be the appropriate tick list
or pick list and what would be your
resultant sort of text asks that we'd
want.
Audience to populate to enabled us to get
the best information into support.
So we probably need to just join up with
Hannah, etcetera to make sure that yeah,
we've got something sensible that works
across all.
All right.
Yeah, that. That's what much of this is.
As you'll you'll see on on this next
section. But yeah, I want to get into it.
Cool.
This is the these are all query query
query.
Yeah you know probably falls into that.
So maybe I mean maybe this is a good
discussion point that I understand that
you're not.
I'm taking this that you're not my
expenses comes up next week.
As a discussion, but we've taken these,
these are the queries associated even the
expenses process that you're going to be
going through next week is like the front
end of this like where you're actually
coding and submitting the expense in our
system AP.
Role is the back end where we're
reviewing those expenses and we've got a
workflow for that.
But the majority of stuff, yeah,
the majority of stuff that comes into our
inbox is definitely queries or requests
or chases. OK,
so do we want to maybe give you an
overview of your back end posting them to
enter my own parking?
So you know for next week it also joins
out,
OK how that triggers start so so I've got
power expense management system inverse,
there's nothing to trigger AP looking up.
We just know that we have to be in there
every single day we will open up.
All of the reports that are expenses that
have been submitted for review,
we will review it from a financial
perspective.
So make sure that all of the information
is correct. The tax is reported correctly,
receipts and whatnot and once we're happy
with it and we.
Push it through the workflows once it
goes through the workflows there's like
three data feeds on a 24 hour period that
goes from inverse into 3A so our reports
get automatically imported.
In 2-3 for us and they pop up on that
action list that one has spoken about.
So we have to pick those up, correct.
Any errors might pop up and then post
them then post them into 3E.
And that's the extent of what we do.
The additional step on that is managing
staff reimbursements.
So AP Australia pay staff any
reimbursements due on a weekly basis and
you can do it all nightly.
Would you guys do weekly too?
Weekly. Yeah. OK.
So that payment process is pretty much
exactly the same across our teams too.
The main that's probably what that
process is in a nutshell.
Actually, yeah.
So while that you captured as well that
you get these queries and which then they
probably come along with this sort of
free reform that we get.
But we'll do such a bond,
you know like coding query reallocation,
scheduled requests issue.
You know there's lots of.
Different things in there.
So I think that becomes a content again
query type form that goes into you and
based on that mutual remarks what's like
the logic that comes part of the fact
that it falls into AP because it's the
expense, all expense queries,
I think that's the first pass land with
yourself accounts payable. OK yeah.
We it has to start with us.
There might be occasion that we have to
direct it to a different team,
but we would then determine whether it's
appropriate or not to move it to like our
financial systems team is would be the
next port of call.
If we can't troubleshoot something.
OK.
And now in that situation,
would you would you expect those guys to
be working with service now,
so you can just pass the ticket straight
to their group or their queue or would
you raise it with them but you hold the
ticket to manage and keep sight of?
I I'm assuming that they're part of,
they're going to be part of the
ServiceNow group.
They're technically part of IT.
So financial assistance,
application support.
Oh, OK. The so it's the IT group. Yeah,
100. But that's cool. Perfect. Yeah. OK,
Yeah, yeah, I'm.
I'm quite sure they should be falling
very good.
under the IT because they can't really
show. Well. Yeah, so I can't.
Yeah, very. No.
That's I didn't forgive me.
I didn't clock that.
They were the IT techies. So yeah,
This is.
no worries.
Yeah.
So it would be good to just be able to do
like a really straightforward transfer.
Yeah, I think, yeah, yeah.
Yes. So, Josh, what we would need to do,
Josh,
what we would need to do there is make
sure that it's it's triggered across you
know, when it goes across to them that it,
yeah,
we need to just make sure how it lands in
the ITSM because it's if it's a case.
They may not work on a case,
so we might need to think when it needs
Hmm.
to go across the you know,
these that maybe it's a task that's
triggered and then they respond to a task
or something.
So we just need to think about how they
get that.
Yeah, we need to map the whole thing.
Yeah. Mark,
Yeah.
is that specific for transfer of requests
into IT or is that just thinking about
how we would need to move requests or
transfer any requests?
Between any different teams,
because that's something else,
Yeah.
Laura and I've spoken about where it is
very common amongst finance to get
requests. That's not for us and we have,
it's for us to just transfer it in
I'm looking.
I'm looking across all all all. Yes.
between.
Sorry. Sorry to talk over you.
The the I'm looking at all permutations
Yeah.
of that. Right.
So it could be a mirrored request or
something that comes in or it or it could
be, you know, a, you know,
a task that you just need action in.
I'll see parrots go his hand again.
Ahead parikh.
Yeah, Mark, on that point,
I think for in the HR sessions,
we discussed the concept of universal
request, which is there.
Yes.
So Universal request is supposed to be
applied to any part of the organisation
and then others can can join in,
whether it's HR or legal or finance.
So perhaps we can take it back and
explore this in line with the universal
Well, what, yeah, 100%. Sorry, go on.
request concept.
Sorry,
I was just is this a case of where it's
been incorrectly assigned to you and
you're giving it back to the right person
or is it part of the workflow that it's
going to another member of because of the?
It it could be both.
I think The thing is it could be both,
Yeah.
right?
So it could be that a request comes in
and needs IT to do something.
It needs another team to do something,
etcetera.
And therefore you have the parallel task.
Yeah.
But the point is that Parrot's
highlighting is it's a single routine and
therefore multitude of results.
Can pick up the activity,
but we also need to look at those that
Correct, correct.
have been generated through, you know,
the ITSM kind of route.
But what we're you know as a specific
item be they taking it from a call or
something like that.
And then what happens if they need
support in, in or out?
Of you know, across the teams.
So that's what we've got our minds.
You know,
it's certainly on our radar and we just
need to look at the typical occurrences
and then see how they're treated.
Yeah,
I'm thinking more along the lines of when
a workflow move has to move from accounts
payable to another team or I think from
in my area it's most commonly going in
between cashier's and accounts payable or
accounts payable and insist team.
At the I mean at the moment we have a
decent amount of emails that come to us.
That's not for us,
but that's because someone isn't sure
Yeah.
where to go,
so they send a billing request to
accounts payable.
We just have to move it across to the
right team.
I think with the implementation of
ServiceNow that's going to.
To heavily reduce that because you will
be able to know if someone puts in the
Yeah.
word billing,
you're directing that to the correct team
and for them.
So that's I'm not as concerned with the
incorrect classifications.
I'm more thinking about the ongoing
workflows. Yep, the normal.
Process.
I think we have one of them where they're
going to go to finance management or if
it is that is able to reassign. Yeah,
based on that,
it looks actually in that the workflow
you can you can do that maybe maybe
possibly though when you're in a state
for example, if it lies with.
Maybe it's balances and cheques.
If it is with accounts payable for this
particular state from A to B,
you can't reassign it because you've set
the rules.
That actually is part of your task that
you're doing,
but it's when it changed states it will
say. I realise that you're changing it,
it automatically says. I know.
Going to finance management for this and
therefore it will do that for you. So you,
you're not necessarily changing the
assignment group,
it will do that part of you for the
workflow, yeah.
Go on parrot.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a good point.
Let us know if there's anything like that.
Yeah.
We're so we're so on the same page pack
because my next comment was going to be
in some instance it might be that you in,
if you need some action,
you keep the record,
but you initiate a specific task to that
team to go take that action.
Then you also see when they close it
Yeah.
because you get notified that that task
is done and it's associated with.
The record,
but they can't necessarily view the full
content of the record.
Yeah, that's right. That's right, yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
I think we still follow those rules just
in regular e-mail now anyway.
So if that could be built in,
Yeah, yeah.
And if it's something like Sid's team or
that's extra safety measure.
security team, again,
they might have greater rights to see
stuff then, you know, you know,
A and other normal,
normal IT team for example. So again,
each of these what we can do is work
through the context, work through the,
you know, the permissions and.
Through the controls within service,
now we can limit what they can see,
but ultimately what you want to be able
to do is launch a task to them and get
something back from them to say they've
done it so that you can continue a
process.
Yeah,
and equally powerful as you sort of say
from the time groups of what they can see
and what they can change, you know.
So the fact that you they can see
something like me that you might,
it's got information and you don't want
to edit it but you they could also have
that.
So you've got seeing editing maintained
you know those types of rules associated
with those groups.
And with the original request,
I'll be able to see that process like the
workflow.
So if someone has sent accounts payable a
query and we're having to pass that on to
insist from an additional action because
we can't do it ourselves.
Is that original requested going to be
able to see that transfer of?
If you want again,
if that's part of the notification figure,
it's more in sleep,
then they can see that. Yeah,
it would definitely be more from a
perspective of just visibility for us to
Yeah.
be able to say, yeah,
we need to go into finsis for this.
And they can physically see that it has
on fences. It's dealing with fences,
and there's not much we can do to push it.
But they know that it's been actioned by
Yeah,
one one of the things you might look at
someone else right now as well, yeah.
doing is when you do a transfer,
when you initiate a task for another team
OK.
that it is possible. And again the guys,
the guys will sort of work this through,
but it's possible to put a customer
viewable comment in your notes as well as
a normal sort of notes.
But when you're transferring it,
you could be automatically triggered to
put in a note for the customer to tell
you what you're doing with that record to
keep them informed.
So you've got a number of ways of doing
it.
It's just a question of how much you want
that. Yeah. And obviously,
I'm assuming that you're thinking that so
you don't get any.
Further calls with someone's going what
happens with this?
You want to be able to tell them up front
so they know where it's going.
Yeah, definitely, I think the.
I'm getting too excited. Yeah,
the main the main piece is just
communication.
Like we because all of those requests are
coming through to us as an e-mail.
It's easy for us to just communicate back.
But yeah, I can't do this.
I need to think it's someone else,
Yeah.
but if it's triggered automatically or if
everything's kind of done through a
workflow having some kind of comment or
communication that is sent to the
original request to say this had to go on
to someone else,
or even if it's a free text field that we.
Can put our own personalised message back
to them just to keep them up to date,
Yeah.
so they haven't aren't having to rely
themselves on always going into the
portal to see the status because I can
tell.
I know that that would get frustrating if
they're feeling like they're having to
constantly chase up without hearing
anything.
Yes.
Makes sense?
I was just going to ask that we will need
to discuss that from an ask perspective
as well and there will be anomalies where
we might need to do something different
depending on the stakeholder group and
the personas that we're dealing with.
But we we will try for a level of
consistency.
So depending on whether you're a partner
or AP or somebody else.
Finance or whatever.
If you're in a particular persona,
we might.
So what I'm trying to see.
What was machine thought like that tape?
What kind of notifications of weight and
You you like where you can deviate from
the yeah.
stuff like that.
You know where you can have some
deviations in there.
It's Mark's just going to see.
Yeah.
So it's something that we will discuss on
a wider piece as well.
And then just tie in with everyone around
what that looks like.
But it's a point well made. You do you.
You do want to be able to communicate
with your audience.
Is the biggest pain point of our state
all this? Yeah.
They just want over communication,
you know,
and service now is excellent about that.
Workflow states, you know,
notifications updating you where e-mail
doesn't currently, so it's good.
OK, so we did four expenses.
Play song.
The tricky part, sorry team,
just one thought right.
This one.
The tricky part of this is your audience
want to be communicated with when they're
wanting and they've got the need,
but they don't want to be communicated
with when it's when,
it's just normal flow and that's the
hardest part to philtre out to ensure
that they.
See the right things that they need to go
on Joey again.
I guess as well Mark,
there is an option that I'm forgetting.
You can see us.
I'm guessing there is an option though,
like we can obviously configure the
workflow to have particular notifications
at particular times.
But if you want to send a manual
notification, you can do that.
That right part of the case,
you can add a note.
Yes, yeah, we.
You're dealing with a particular partner
that you know wants to be communicated
Yeah, client visible notes.
all the time.
So you give that update and it's more of
that bespoke service.
So I think it's just getting that balance,
right. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
we'll show you how to.
Yeah.
Add a note that stays internal.
Add a note that goes to the customer.
I'll show you a notification as a on on
that as well. Yeah,
Yeah.
so you can set that linking service that
you want to provide.
And what you and again depending on the
process there is the you know as I talked
about earlier,
there is a view that says you could do an
override.
So if you said don't send a notification,
you could you could you could default it
to send and then you can untick a box
maybe and then you won't over transmit if
you don't.
Yeah.
And it needs to.
We can look at various routes to enable
you to, you know manage when you launch,
when you don't etcetera.
Yep.
Yes. So on this one is, as we said,
I think we've discovered that modelling
of that enterprise wide query principle
that they go to for anything of which
expense queries lies within that remit.
So I think that is a wide discussion that
rest assured that based on you know
within 3 clicks or three.
Two bits of information that their query
will be recreated and sent,
confined to the right, right audience,
and that will cover these sort of queries
issues to do with their expenses.
One that we did have on the maybe just to
discuss with the schedules.
Request,
but again a bit like that calendar.
Is that something that you do as a
calendar item?
I thought need clarification.
I think that was I feel like that
potential.
The only thing that that might be linked
to is the reimbursement.
The payments that we will process,
there's nothing else run river wise that
would be a scheduled request outside of
possibly just a kind of task to say go in
and check your queue and.
Chrome river. But we have.
We just know that we have to do that and
that would be a hot overall expense
process.
This request is part of the checking
process of that, isn't it? It could be.
I don't think I've ever used a scheduled
request for Chrome River though.
That's what I think that's why.
Like Laura and I have kind of said that
we're not really sure what that's meaning
because we don't really use it.
That's why I'm. I'm just thinking, yeah,
it would only be in a maybe relative to
either the payment run to remind us to
run it or.
To as a daily reminder to check to be
going into a ribbon and review the
expense,
and this might be one that you I know
that soon you picked up some things that
when the processes that actually needed,
I mean some of the media clarification
but actually from that clarification of
NA you know.
Yeah, I think it it,
it doesn't make sense.
It's making extra work for us to have a
daily scheduled request to tell us to
check.
Currently we need to have mails to check
and just need to see if it's currently
run it and share well,
it may be something that was created and
it's not getting running.
It could have been was as when we go to
their payment runs we used to do a
complete expense check before the payment
runs.
That was a scheduled request or cool,
never to make sure that we weren't
captured.
Anything that maybe we put through size.
That report isn't working, just say so.
It's we're not doing it, just say,
but it might have been picked up from
that. Yeah, but the scheduled request,
though, comes in just now.
So that's what that could be.
It could be not part of our payment run
cheques that which we talked about
earlier.
Could be, yeah.
We've definitely got one for check auto
loads and CR duplicate report before
payment on that one,
and then we've got another one for Chrome
River staff expenses which is staff
personal spending options that's I think
that's the only ones underneath Chrome
rivers.
That experience is perfect. OK, slightly.
That's that one again, that's good.
All right.
I think that's it for processes. Yeah,
processes. I mean unbelievably,
I think there was 72 one. Yeah,
one processes that we got through today
that we've consolidated into these five
services. That was a lot of work.
None.
Hello.
Again, I want to reiterate,
it certainly doesn't trivialise the
amount of work that gets done,
and I suppose on you know in ServiceNow
speak you know you're looking at the
efficiency of these processes,
improving your processes.
You probably like to sort of just end on
sort of some terminology.
And so it's now just like the three seats.
But you know,
just because in the past it also comments
on the fact that it's complete,
but it also moves forward improving the
health because you've got more time to
spend because you're not, you're not,
you're not tied up in this administrative
world of emails,
it's sort of a bit like anybody.
Got more time?
We get more healthy and a bit like this.
This actually will then move it from
being just complete to being correct to
be in compliance and you know that's the
heavy lifting of the advantage of
ServiceNow. So you get to add you know.
All the added value that comes from
freeing up your time of not doing the
admin work that's doing since now seeing
that view.
But to improve the help of all your
processes and applications, yeah.
OK,
so I'm definitely gonna wrap up before 5.
Use a couple of housekeeping things.
It's gonna be super, super quick,
and then we'll let you go so.
Yeah,
but the heavy lifting is definitely done.
I still might need to be in this view,
so it's all about prioritising we can't
automate and mature high, you know,
high automation, everything.
We'll get everything across in terms of
services,
but we just need to prioritise what's the
most impactful thing across the whole of
ask.
So we have a little formula that we're
asking everybody across ask.
We've already got volume metrics.
So but we take the volume of a service,
then we need to gather the value of a
service. We've already had a stab at that,
but I'm just going to ask if you guys can
just have a look at what we ranked.
It's the value of the services and it's
based on these things here.
So let me zoom in.
So by the value of a service,
we mean if we can automate it highly,
then it would do these things very well,
reduce errors, decrease processing times,
improve compliance.
Avoid duplicate entry, etcetera. Well,
that stuff makes sense if we can automate
it, then we achieve those things.
So some of the kind of rough estimates
that we've done and ignore the volume
please because consolidated.
But we thought if we could focus on
manage invoice for example, it's highly,
I don't know if you guys know Fibonacci,
it's just a rating.
So it's just like a rating between one
and 21. It's just a way that you can say.
It's highly impactful or it's not
impactful at all,
but I wouldn't worry too much about it.
Would you say that manage invoice is
probably the most impactful thing there
if we could spend most well time
automating that,
whereas that managing expenses we just
talked about?
You know it's it's difficult to automate
because it's an ad hoc queries,
but if we're going to focus on manage
invoices.
Yeah, it's hard to.
That is important just now.
But with the new P2P roll out as well,
that could be changing the way we handle
the invoices that might not come directly
might go through a portal to do that now.
So it is important just now.
But being in mind other things that are
going to be, I mean,
I don't know how that's going to if
that's going to change the way that it
works to so because it's really the way
it's going through share well and stuff.
Just so it's a lot of our tasks but that.
We had to go down a different route for
that with all the new projects we've got
coming on and that got taken away then
that part isn't going to be as big about
to look at. That makes sense.
So it's hard to see what's the best thing
until if that makes sense,
then we've got the managed payment.
Which is clearly yeah, key. You know,
at the end of the day,
you have to make that payment and,
you know, request the payments.
So how you're managing your invoices in
the first half of the life, you know,
the workflow is still a subset that that
is.
Managing the payments within that so and
that for reputation you know,
make sure our payments,
make sure we're paying,
make sure our bills are paid that I
assume there's a high high value item to
make sure you're paying all our bills on
time.
Me the biggest value is going to come
from how much we can control the
information that's coming to us now.
Right now everything all everything comes
to us by e-mail.
So it's very much a user input type of
situation. So if someone is emailing.
To say I want to move this here.
Or can you get this done now or you know
prioritise this,
but they're not actually flagging it as
an urgent query.
There's no way for us to know, so I think.
If there's a way that we can and having
the use of forms to really narrow down
what someone is really asking for or
prioritisation set for you if it takes
away that noise for you.
If it does like heavy listings we set.
Prevent that volume of emails on the back
of it. Yeah, I think that's all of them.
Presumably. Yeah. I mean, I mean,
the volumes in the invoices,
but it's the majority of the invoice that
we're going through is correct and it's
going to go through potentially going to
go through our P2P workflows as well.
That's a little bit easier for us.
To manage our time with. But it's. Yeah,
it's fair.
Other people not knowing finance that I
feel that's where a lot of my time gets
spent. All right.
Yeah.
And that's where I was going to ask that
question, Josh, on the scale,
whether there's the, you know,
the the user,
you know how to where's the user sort of
angle that was just described then.
So if you can,
if you can take away the bit, you know,
we can focus on where we take away
failure demand.
I work like that these guys do.
Because someone doesn't know,
or someone's chasing or something's not
right. That would be really powerful,
because it just buys them a bit of
headroom to then be able to sort of think
about some of the other stuff and maybe
the other things that are coming along,
I don't know. Jill,
do you see where I'm coming from on that
one? It's the failure demand piece.
Yeah, definitely. I think it is about.
Making that a first piece not have to go
backwards in favours all the time.
That's really where the value is going to
be driven.
We'll have that information and that cuts
across probably all the processes that
injection that trigger points, yeah,
point eventually,
what do you get beforehand.
What can I get beforehand?
What could you inform the requester to do?
Through knowledge you know you know you
know upfront is that whole,
I mean that goes across everything you
know more than good behaviour horizontal.
I think it's a bit straight and the right
balance on that right because the forms
can't be massive either.
They want to be easy to fill out and
stuff like that. So I think.
That's probably where the focus should be
is getting that balance right.
That's priority on the input from the
request for initially probably entry
points,
more of a horizontal yes than a vertical
got it all right. Insightful. Yeah.
Thank you very much.
And last thing we think we spoke a little
bit about.
Thoughts early, didn't we?
But we wanted to come in with some things
that we normally think is what good in
this area to present them to you guys.
But of course you guys will be in this
day today. So do also shout out any other.
We've got some good ones today, you know.
One of the things just to add,
sorry if I may just quick one of the
Yeah.
things to add on here is also think about
some of the information that although it
doesn't necessarily help your operations,
but it gives you data to manage
behaviours and provide MI upstream,
you know.
And I said it's off on yesterday's
session. It's the same thing you've got.
Your operational dashboards to help you
deal with the throughput of work,
but then you might also want some
dashboard information that tells you some
of the you know some of the trigger
points that cause you effort or rework
and things like that that you can then.
Communicate up to say hey, look,
you know certain partners are behaving
like this,
which causes us this or whatever.
So think about some of that other MI that
would be useful too as we go through this
process.
We got some of that from root cause you
know,
maybe they didn't supply you with various
details upfront, you know,
but we've captured that and we've got the
daily activity that things are being
reached or about to be breached or needs
to be actioned or as you said the urgency.
But I think we captured a lot of that
study that we can showcase.
Yeah. Yeah. I think probably in follow up,
we'll lock down full reports and
dashboards.
But something to think about and some of
the points that I have touched on, yeah,
we'll follow up on that one in the.
Interest of moving forward,
what we're going to be doing next few
things.
One of them writing up user stories over
the coming weeks and we'll refine those
with you guys.
This is just an example for me billing
look at the the content there as part of
the process we'll be doing.
But this a bit more broadly is is what's
coming up.
So we'll be publishing the the summary of
this session in the next coming weeks
when we kind of think that, yeah,
what I say, we commence in 3rd,
we've got a quarter round Slas broadly
across finance that will feed into this.
And the integrations that must be very
important for for your area as well and
then we'll be looking at the user storage
rafting and there's potentially ad hoc
sessions maybe around dashboards,
but we have finished all the processes,
so can rest easy on that one this evening,
big options.
You know,
some of the other days that were feedback
to you you've joined, you know,
as AP in Australia or AP in UKI wants to
do the following. So you know,
we captured a lot of that storytelling
today, even to the requirements.
That's very helpful.
So I've started to construct a lot of it
that we will then feedback to you.
Yeah, it's time for this as well.
You should put a note on the team's
channel about the annual week track,
actually. Yeah.
I think that and get that updated and
we'd now get an idea of what the next
steps are going to be.
So we'll come out and communicate what
that looks like in in the next week or so,
and we'll do some working leadership and
stuff.
You know everything that that's probably
three parts with you guys and then the
week make sure that's OK. Yeah,
but I think that's all. So anything else,
Deborah,
but thank you all for your inputs today,
yeah.
Thank you.
That's really good.
Thanks everyone. Thank you.
Yeah. Thanks, guys on the call.
Cheers. Thanks. Bye.
Chair, right?
Thanks everyone. Bye.